# Session Node.js Bot

Session node.js process that runs without renderer such as Electron.

- [Session Node.js Bot](#session-nodejs-bot)
- [WORK IN PROGRESS](#work-in-progress)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Methods](#methods)
    - [Get latest conversations](#get-latest-conversations)
    - [Subscribe to new messages](#subscribe-to-new-messages)
    - [Send message](#send-message)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Donate](#donate)
  - [License](#license)

# WORK IN PROGRESS

Since there is zero documentation about swarms and zero help from Session developers, I've decided to fork session-desktop and try to split render from node instead of writing everything from scratch.

This is why this repository mustn't be used in production. It is basically fun side project for me with 90% dead, unreachable, untested, insecure code that may leak everything about you and break randomly. I have no idea how it works and I'm absolutely shocked I was able to make it run.

## Features

- Onion routing, connection to swarms
- Send messages to private chats
- Read private chats

## Methods

Since this is an early prototype that is in active development, there is no npm package yet. But there will be as soon as I debug everything and add install script that generates protobufs and builds native bindings.

Right now you can follow official build instructions, then go to `ts/mains/main_node.ts` and edit that (your logic goes after `await getConversationController().loadPromise()` but before `while(true) { await new Promise((resolve) => setTimeout(resolve, 1000)); }`)

Copy your Session profile (copied from electron's appData, generated by official desktop app) to `session-data` directory, build with `yarn build` and run with `yarn start`

Please be aware that this app generates A LOT of console logs. I'm working on reducing it, in stage of active development I need it to be able to at least have a smallest idea what's happening. Sorry for shit code 🙂

### Get latest conversations

```ts
const convos = getConversationController().getConversations()
  .filter(c => c.isPrivate() && c.isActive())

console.log('Convos', convos.map(c => [c.getContactProfileNameOrShortenedPubKey()]))
fs.writeFileSync('convos.json', JSON.stringify(convos[0].toJSON(), null, 2))
```

You can use any methods available in the official `ConversationModel` type inferred from Session-desktop app such as `c.get('id')`, `conversationModel.isApproved()`, `conversationModel.isBlocked()` and others

### Subscribe to new messages

Since Session (I suppose) does not store or retrieve messages history, you have to use receiver.js to receive events about new decrypted messages

### Send message

```ts
const conversationModel = getConversationController().get('05f7fe7bd047099e5266c2ffbc74c88fc8543e6f16a08575e96959fedb2dd74d54')
type msg = {
  body: string;
  attachments: Array<any> | undefined;
  quote: any | undefined;
  preview: any | undefined;
  groupInvitation: { url: string | undefined; name: string } | undefined;
}
const message: msg = {
  body: 'test!!! ' + new Date().toISOString(),
  attachments: undefined,
  quote: undefined,
  preview: undefined,
  groupInvitation: undefined,
}
await conversationModel.sendMessage(message)
```

## Contributing

PRs are welcome! Feel free to help development.

## Donate

[Contact me in Telegram](https://t.me/hlothdev)

## License

[Session Desktop](https://github.com/oxen-io/session-desktop) is licensed under the GPLv3. Read more here: [https://github.com/oxen-io/session-desktop/blob/unstable/LICENSE]

My work is licensed under the [MIT](./LICENSE.md) license.

Both licenses allows you to use this project privately, commercially, modify, distribute, patent it. Both licenses state that neither Oxen nor me are responsible for any damages. 

Use this software wisely.